Fix #54 Remove the Globals chapter (#55)
enonic/tutorial-jest: docs/index.adoc

This guide will show you how to:

> 1. Create a <<project#,Project>> with Jest environment already setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a <<project#,Project>> with Jest environment already set up.
```
